README.md, before:

# UK Letting Agency Research Tool

This Python application automates the research of UK letting agencies using the Gemini API with Google Search grounding. It processes a list of agencies, gathers information about them, and stores the results in a structured format.

## Features

- Automated research of UK letting agencies
- Integration with Google's Gemini API
- Google Search grounding for accurate information
- Structured JSON output
- Modern web interface for viewing results
- Real-time progress tracking and logging
- System prompt management
- Robust error handling and recovery
- Concurrent request prevention
- Thread-safe operations

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.9 or higher
- Google Gemini API key
- Required Python packages (listed in requirements.txt)

## Project Structure

```
.
├── main.py              # Main application script
├── app.py              # Web interface application
├── agencies.json       # Input file containing agency data
├── system_prompt.txt   # Gemini system prompt
├── default_system_prompt.txt  # Default system prompt
├── output.json         # Generated research results
├── requirements.txt    # Python dependencies
├── .env               # Environment variables (API key)
└── templates/         # Web interface templates
    └── index.html    # Main web interface template
```

## Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone [repository-url]
   cd [repository-name]
   ```

2. Create and activate a virtual environment:
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Create necessary configuration files:

   a. Create `.env` file in the project root:
   ```
   GEMINI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```

   b. Ensure `agencies.json` exists with the following structure:
   ```json
   [
     {
       "name": "Agency Name",
       "url": "https://agency-website.com"
     }
   ]
   ```

   c. Ensure `system_prompt.txt` exists with the Gemini system prompt

## Running the Application

### Web Interface

1. Start the web interface:
   ```bash
   python app.py
   ```
   Then open your browser to `http://localhost:5001`

2. The web interface provides:
   - Agency data viewing
   - Search functionality
   - Data refresh capability
   - System prompt management
   - Real-time progress tracking

### Command Line Research

You can also run research directly from the command line using `main.py`:

1. Basic research run:
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```
   This will:
   - Load agencies from `agencies.json`
   - Use the system prompt from `system_prompt.txt`
   - Process all agencies
   - Save results to `output.json`

2. Test mode:
   ```bash
   python main.py --test
   ```
   This mode:
   - Processes only the first 3 agencies from `agencies.json`
   - Uses the same system prompt and process as the full run
   - Saves results to `output.json`
   - Useful for:
     - Testing the system prompt
     - Verifying API connectivity
     - Checking output format
     - Quick validation of the research process

3. Monitor progress:
   - Progress is logged to the console in real-time
   - Each agency's status is displayed as it's processed
   - Completion percentage is shown
   - Any errors are clearly indicated

4. Output:
   - Results are saved to `output.json`
   - Raw responses are saved in the `raw` directory
   - Logs are written to the console

5. Error handling:
   - Failed agencies are logged with error details
   - The process continues with remaining agencies
   - Final results include both successful and failed agencies

## Web Interface Features

- **Agency Search**: Filter agencies by name, address, contact details
- **Data Refresh**: Trigger and monitor data refresh operations
- **Progress Tracking**: Real-time progress updates with detailed logging
- **System Prompt Management**: Edit and revert system prompts
- **Raw Data Viewing**: Access to source data for each agency
- **Responsive Design**: Works on desktop and mobile devices

## Error Handling

The application includes robust error handling for:
- Missing or invalid API keys
- Network issues and connection errors
- Invalid JSON responses
- File I/O errors
- Concurrent request prevention
- Thread safety and resource management

All errors are logged and displayed in the web interface for easy debugging.

## Security Features

- API keys stored in environment variables
- Thread-safe operations
- Input validation
- Error message sanitization
- Concurrent request prevention

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch
5. Create a Pull Request

## License

[Specify your license here]

## Support

For support, please [provide contact information or issue reporting guidelines]

Commit message:

Update README.md to include licensing information under Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 and provide updated support contact details.

README.md, after:

# UK Letting Agency Research Tool

This Python application automates the research of UK letting agencies using the Gemini API with Google Search grounding. It processes a list of agencies, gathers information about them, and stores the results in a structured format.

## Features

- Automated research of UK letting agencies
- Integration with Google's Gemini API
- Google Search grounding for accurate information
- Structured JSON output
- Modern web interface for viewing results
- Real-time progress tracking and logging
- System prompt management
- Robust error handling and recovery
- Concurrent request prevention
- Thread-safe operations

## Prerequisites

- Python 3.9 or higher
- Google Gemini API key
- Required Python packages (listed in requirements.txt)

## Project Structure

```
.
├── main.py              # Main application script
├── app.py              # Web interface application
├── agencies.json       # Input file containing agency data
├── system_prompt.txt   # Gemini system prompt
├── default_system_prompt.txt  # Default system prompt
├── output.json         # Generated research results
├── requirements.txt    # Python dependencies
├── .env               # Environment variables (API key)
└── templates/         # Web interface templates
    └── index.html    # Main web interface template
```

## Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone [repository-url]
   cd [repository-name]
   ```

2. Create and activate a virtual environment:
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
   ```

3. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

4. Create necessary configuration files:

   a. Create `.env` file in the project root:
   ```
   GEMINI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here
   ```

   b. Ensure `agencies.json` exists with the following structure:
   ```json
   [
     {
       "name": "Agency Name",
       "url": "https://agency-website.com"
     }
   ]
   ```

   c. Ensure `system_prompt.txt` exists with the Gemini system prompt

## Running the Application

### Web Interface

1. Start the web interface:
   ```bash
   python app.py
   ```
   Then open your browser to `http://localhost:5001`

2. The web interface provides:
   - Agency data viewing
   - Search functionality
   - Data refresh capability
   - System prompt management
   - Real-time progress tracking

### Command Line Research

You can also run research directly from the command line using `main.py`:

1. Basic research run:
   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```
   This will:
   - Load agencies from `agencies.json`
   - Use the system prompt from `system_prompt.txt`
   - Process all agencies
   - Save results to `output.json`

2. Test mode:
   ```bash
   python main.py --test
   ```
   This mode:
   - Processes only the first 3 agencies from `agencies.json`
   - Uses the same system prompt and process as the full run
   - Saves results to `output.json`
   - Useful for:
     - Testing the system prompt
     - Verifying API connectivity
     - Checking output format
     - Quick validation of the research process

3. Monitor progress:
   - Progress is logged to the console in real-time
   - Each agency's status is displayed as it's processed
   - Completion percentage is shown
   - Any errors are clearly indicated

4. Output:
   - Results are saved to `output.json`
   - Raw responses are saved in the `raw` directory
   - Logs are written to the console

5. Error handling:
   - Failed agencies are logged with error details
   - The process continues with remaining agencies
   - Final results include both successful and failed agencies

## Web Interface Features

- **Agency Search**: Filter agencies by name, address, contact details
- **Data Refresh**: Trigger and monitor data refresh operations
- **Progress Tracking**: Real-time progress updates with detailed logging
- **System Prompt Management**: Edit and revert system prompts
- **Raw Data Viewing**: Access to source data for each agency
- **Responsive Design**: Works on desktop and mobile devices

## Error Handling

The application includes robust error handling for:
- Missing or invalid API keys
- Network issues and connection errors
- Invalid JSON responses
- File I/O errors
- Concurrent request prevention
- Thread safety and resource management

All errors are logged and displayed in the web interface for easy debugging.

## Security Features

- API keys stored in environment variables
- Thread-safe operations
- Input validation
- Error message sanitization
- Concurrent request prevention

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch
3. Commit your changes
4. Push to the branch
5. Create a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0). This means you are free to:

- Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format
- Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose, even commercially

Under the following terms:

- Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

For more information, see: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

## Support

For support, please contact:
- Email: andreuankenobi@gmail.com
